[Music]
hello welcome back to another video I
hope you having a lovely day
whatever you've been up to today I'm
going to feel quite a highly requested
video which is a healthy and easy and
then CH ideas I'm just going to go it
through three quick and easy recipes and
something that it's like a bit of a go
to around lunchtime before we jump
straight into it you could hit this
video with a like I would really
appreciate it it puts my channel and
subscribe if you haven't already and we
will just go ahead
so the first recipe that I'm going to
take you through is like a chicken tikka
in a pita bread like similar to like a
wrap but I just prefer using pita bread
really really tasty and quite easy so it
for this first recipe you're just going
to need a chicken breast this is just
like a woman person serving a little bit
of natural yogurt I've just got this
fat-free one and then for the curry
powder I'm choosing this tikka flavoured
one and just a little bit of lime and
then I'm using a piece of bread refugees
I wrapped as well just whatever you've
got in or whatever you prefer personally
so the best thing about this is that
it's really flavorful like the longer
you can sort of marinate it for the
better but if you're short and tamanna
it doesn't matter so much and the other
thing is obviously you could use this
for like meal prep for the next day if
you're back at work anything like that
and so I'm going to start by melting it
some coconut oil at first to make a
little like marinade so I'm just taking
a teaspoon so that's four and a half
grams of coconut oil in there and then
two tablespoons of this curry powder and
then half a lime juice I've just chopped
that in half
[Music]
and then I'm just going to pull so
depending on how much time you've got
I'm just gonna pop this to marinate for
about 25 minutes like the longer the
better really and but if not it's not on
how to do it just makes it a little bit
more flavorful and so I'm just about to
do that so I'm just gonna bake this for
about 25 to 30 minutes so the chickens
just come out the oven and I've just
slice that nicely
[Music]
and then I'm going to put some light
mayo on as well so here we've got tikka
chicken breast this honestly tastes so
so good really quick and easy and good
macros as well but yeah I really like
pizza breads at the moment you guys
already know that my pizza bread session
is ridiculous these days and then I just
popped in from salad leaves and some
pepper as well as like some mayo on the
top
[Music]
so the next I'm going to make is some
stuffed chickpea spinach sweet potatoes
so I'm just going to literally prick
these and pop them in the oven for about
45 to like an hour just depending on how
they cook these are quite small so it
shouldn't take too long
so I've already preheated my oven I'm
just gonna prick these so yeah it's
gonna pop down in your room so just
wasn't waiting for the sweet potatoes
cook I'm going to start baking the
chickpeas so again this is really
minimal you don't need that much for
this recipe and it is something so tasty
so for the chickpeas your let's just
going to need one tin of chickpeas and
seasoning wise just some hot paprika I'm
using some hot food here at the Italian
seasoning a bit of salt and just some
fry light a trip virgin oil
[Music]
I are here to the little chickpea sweet
potato and boats I've just mixed iron
and the spinach she really can't taste
it if you're not the biggest fan of like
your greens and things like that and
then I've just put some light mayo on
the top but it's like such a like sweet
and savory kind of vibe really really
nice and then I was like my chickpeas to
go like that little bit more or crispy
[Music]
so this next I'm gonna make is like a
salmon a soy kind of dish and I've been
really liking these coconut and Nino's
which is it's a vegan and gluten free
alternative to soy sauce I got off
Amazon and and you really can't taste
the difference all right I think you can
so I'm gonna show you how I make this
one I'm just going to cook two salmon
filets and then these are the seasonings
that I'm using I really like this fry
like one cow spray it's an extra virgin
olive oil
and so yeah extra virgin olive oil some
coconut aminos some crushed chilies some
lazy garlic and some ginger so I'm just
gonna start with the fry light spray and
spray some of this so I just measure out
like two grams of the olive oil
[Music]
and then 2 teaspoons of this chopped
garlic a teaspoon of grated ginger and
just a sprinkling of chili flakes will
let you add it so 2 tablespoons
[Music]
and then I'm just going to leave the
salmon to marinate about 25 to 30 mins I
generally bake my salmon just as
sometimes I think it ends up like
stinking the entire house out if I try
and fry it and I know I would just like
to throw in some like a veggies and
stuff to bake with it and so what I
found on my fridge is pretty random I
just have found these all busy and I've
got some crispy kale and then some
chopped red onion so yeah I'm just gonna
toss this all together and put in a
baking tray give this a shot
[Music]
I'm just going to give these a little
spray with the FRA light
[Music]
so here is the cooked salmon fillet so I
just put all the baked veg right
underneath and then laid the salmon on
top and I've also added some white and
bean rice that I cooked earlier on today
and see I'm really happy it was it the
base and then I always pop on top like
sriracha sauce it's just like a hot
sauce but it really adds a little kick
to it and so yeah so that is a finished
salmon meal which is really nice and so
filling a high-protein good omega-3 and
all of that with the veggies as well
[Music]
also you can pop these into Tupperware
and have them not as a meal prep to
which is the most funny thing ever so
that brings us to at the end of a SUP
video I really hope you enjoyed it I
would love to see any of your
recreations over on my Instagram and if
you haven't already a little bit if you
stuck around by subscribing and also let
me know what other like food readers you
would like to see if there's any other
like dinner breakfast dessert like just
let me know in the comments down below
and I will see you guys in the next
video
[Music]